Is the bus still has the propensities of people going south zone okay . if genyenl where I get it ?
cazeau area ! Croix -des - Mission , Damien , are neglected in many matters aid Imam
Touch told how to hold , to participate in these programs, including immunization 2 February. it would be good for young people wanting to help , but do not know how to do !
when school opens in pòtoprense ?
we are family [ lastname ] , we live tide Barbeau 's palmiste gets 38 km . we have found no food distribution . same card is not found . please think with you.
we live tobacco , ch . lespinass . we do not have maps to eat, what should I do ?
I have found nothing any event . [ Phonenumber ]
I would like to work in the area mechanic.
Inhabitants matisan 2a unresolved benefit anything . please do due diligence for you.
Good evening , I'm [ firstname ] . I need to work because everything I lost .
how to make center of ' accomodation Christian alliance can benefit them employed .
please what should I do to get four meals or where would I get the card ? thanks in advance .
another institution that needs me. you can call me at this number [ phonenumber ] . I drive truck and 4x4 for all sides.
we need to know where the office is employed at intersections
Are there still for Haiti earthquake ?
4636 : food will become more expensive in the earthquake. cup of rice is selling 250gd now, was 200gd before . Corn is 125gd before was 100gd .
[ Firstname ] , we have many problems in the community twoujak Lagonav.
thanks for the message. [ Firstname ], I send to you with Bonsoir youth .
Another group , this makes me very sorry when I heard tiyous died , despite having 2 children died , one age 13 , the other 14; same bodies , I find .
if you do not have a passport , what to do for you what to do if you have the Wanament ? I need to know.
Alas we follow. of the road dèdal . Minustah base in the top of martyrdom .
programs that have today ? ok , thanks.
Good evening . I'm [ firstname ] [ middlename ] [ lastname ] . I would like to know as we and many others that do go public in the provinces ?
is a message to say where I can go to the hospital ?
section gwomòn still unresolved we get help will give them , and I will learn to ground retranble again . but [ firstname ] , I find more information on blood 4636.
we take too tempest-tost , we would like to send tents for us because we have 5 baby sleeping with you in this tempest-tost . shelling important to us . many thanks . i need
individual source corossol , a locality at intersections , never get an official come visit us since the earthquake. many people lost their homes and all their possessions .
I need food aid for those affected that goes boobs - north Rashawn
I'm a victim of the events I stay okay .
center ebèjeman our sitting low in kastra fontamara 27 , we have 520 families on our account that never found anything.
where we can go to find tent or tarp ?
where the city of Petion can include: tents , care, hospital free
Our harboring center lunyon Maria nor 1 overseas Ru ODM ruyel dessaline impas lunyon . Our deadline is eskew love not love you? . later. b
onatè [ firstname ] [ lastname ] fell on a house and my family of 2
will consequently make fortune in bad conditions against another country to live comfortably kote.mal pay someone to do it all as its consequences , everywhere, all the time up to four
Good evening I'm a girl of 24 pregnant women do 3mwa WECAN edema include hospitals do I follow MSE food aid a student 2 Science nurses residing laplèn diviv
I am asking is asking food aid , tents for sleeping , drinking water, not , soap , rice , bean oil . [ Title ] [ lastname ] [ firstname ] Lagonave
mwen.bezwenkonnenkilèavyonkomèsyalyoapvole
futures maglwar anbwas , above the house nuns never get food is water we find only
asylum francais please ( please ) do something for me please ( please ) . God Bless You!
Needs to know if someone has Residenz au usa can he come take a child under 18 years
All times disagee if we wash our hands with soap that this disease can produce?
diabetic patients with heart church Louis flour
see : [ firstname ] and some other students at Basil
need for assistance: good rest
university professor under the rubble of the hotel
see [ firstname ] in layogann , he is a student of invèsite agonomi , [ firstname ]
Cold river water is not
The need for food / water / medicine and Delmas 2
woman trapped under a clinical
woman trapped in an author
need for fuel
estayon help of Jacmel 's airport - correction
Red Cross established the first post
needs fuel clinical ministry heartline
[ Firstname ] [ lastname ] designates a local study defects in Jacmel
we need medical supplies - the ball Colette lazarre
fontamara population of 27 need help
medical relief teams from France, reached Jacmel
group of orphanage intersections waiting water and relief food
orphanages need food and water
difò - bridge plunge
aperasyon units working in tobacco
lack of equipment in Jeremiah
Want to eat at a Cap
need food , camping , water
need for medical assistance : raboto hospital in Dessalines
need anestesi
un need blakbèri
orphanages in need for emergency provisions - [ firstname ]
need food and water in universities Kiskeya
Orphanage - 19 Delma
eager students under debris
please help : need food and water
the need for dialisis - emergency care
need food aid in tobacco and 9
emergency needs for equipment
need transportation from the Dominican Republic to jakmè
if you have a way you can make with these provisions to please [ firstname ] know
Want front policeman now
The need for water in laughter Beten number 27 intersections
timounki no water in the orphanage need help tonight
kiminike food and water
need water in Delmas 65 , òchidi deadlock , Port-au-Prince
have 20-30 people at home in Gonaives is need help
clinical orthopedic equipment and supplies needed
need help
seek [ firstname ] [ firstname ] [ firstname ]
The need for food and water in Baussan laughing 9
need food and water to communities in Saint Mary verse couch
needs of orphanages , water and food
destroyed orphanage
The need for aid
orphanages have emergency needs for food and water
plian need aistans IMMEDIATE UNMET
family with baby four months need medicine, food, water and tents
water distribution in Delmas
clinical cheridan need medical equipment
The need for food, water and medical help to tomasen 32, selen laugh , laugh kenskòf
The need for food and water in the streets during the American lowered, Petion city
